add note about CUDA.jl own use of threads (#896)
JuliaParallel/MPI.jl: docs/src/knownissues.md

## CUDA-aware MPI

> [CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) starts its own internal threads, thus the notes above apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[CUDA.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) starts its own internal threads, thus the notes in the section about [Multi-threading and signal handling](@ref) apply.
```
